now we're ready to add a text overlay on
top of our hero image so inside the hero
tag underneath the closing picture tag
let's go ahead and use a span tag
and I'll type Emerald Eve event center
notice it displays immediately
underneath the photo now we need to jump
to our CSS dot hero
span this will allow us to style the
text so I can set the color
to deep pink if I wanted
and you can see it's changed
the text is currently below the image so
we need to make two changes to get it on
top of the image first of all you need
to look to the parent element the span
tag is a child of the division with a
Class of Hero
so the first change we're going to make
is to set the parent
position to relative
and once we do that we can set the
position of the child to Absolute
you can see it's over here at the right
side that's not where we want it
so we're going to set the left Edge
at zero
that moves it over
we'll set the right Edge
also at zero
so that means it will span the width of
the entire page
and we'll look at that here in a sec and
I'm going to align it to the bottom
at zero
let's set the background color
equal to I'm going to use an rgba which
allows me to use an alpha
and let's use black which is zero zero
zero
and we'll use 50 black now you can see
that the span tag goes from the left 0
to the right 0 and is at the bottom when
you look closely at it
you can see there's a little tiny Gap
where the black overlays the white below
the pitcher that's because pictures by
default are in line
so let's come up to the image and let's
change it from inline
to display itself as a block
that solves that problem now if you were
to choose top zero
then you wouldn't have that problem to
deal with
now if we want this text
to Center itself now you're going to use
text align
Center
you've got it in the middle text align
right would move it here
if you wanted to push it away from the
edges then you'd throw some padding at
it
and we could change the color so it
looked better than deep pink the nice
thing about this approach
is that that text stays at the bottom
and stretches
to match the image width